{"success":1,"query_summary":{"num_reviews":1,"review_score":0,"review_score_desc":"7 user reviews","total_positive":4,"total_negative":3,"total_reviews":7},"reviews":[{"recommendationid":"77529061","author":{"steamid":"76561198053229260","num_games_owned":65,"num_reviews":1,"playtime_forever":367,"playtime_last_two_weeks":0,"playtime_at_review":367,"last_played":1602642189},"language":"english","review":"So I want to start out by saying that I don't think this is a bad game by any means. I'm simply posting this because the most recent review was back in like May of this year, 2020, and I thought it was important that any browsing people have a more up to date idea of where the game was at after more than a year of early access. I'm not a professional by any means, so I apologize for anything that's not clear.\n\nI have played a lot of visual novels though, so I have some good standards to compare to. However, I was aware that this game wasn't a fully polished one when I bought it, so I went into it not expecting perfection-I was prepared for a few glitches to pop up. I think there were definitely some great aspects to it that I saw. The visuals seemed pretty neat, the character models had a charm to them. I liked most of the voice acting, and it matched up with the speed of the actual scrawling lines consistently. These might seem small and obvious things, but again since this is isn't really a complete game I entered really wary. I enjoyed the Prologue a lot. For me the idea of a room to solve with the mini puzzles inside of them was a big reason I did buy this since I really miss Zero Escape, and in that section the puzzles seemed fun. \n\nHowever, Chapter 1 is where the cracks started to show. The voice actor overlays started to disappear, first the side characters and then the main ones, until the only sounds were the background music and the environment-interaction responses. This made me a bit sad, but I kept playing on anyway because I liked the game's potential. The solvable room in Chapter 1 was also fun. However, the one in chapter 2 was truly an awful experience. I'm keeping this an overview to avoid spoilers of course. In any sort of solvable room like these things are, there are puzzles and clues to how to approach them. However, almost of all the puzzles in the room had almost no clues on how to approach them. A broad example-there are a lot of jumbled up letters, and you need to write out the correct words from them. However, there were absolutely no clues in the room that could have led me to the solution. Things like that-most of the puzzles were like similar. One of them had a clue associated with it but it was such an obscure hint that I still couldn't make heads or tails of it. One of the puzzles gave you a clue but the clue didn't directly match up correctly with the solution so you still had to work on it confusedly afterwards. I only solved the room by looking up a guide, which I despise doing, and even the person that I watched explained how it was all not clear, and that he only solved it by trial and error. These are of course my personal opinions, entirely possible there was something that I missed or that it would make more sense to you.\n\nAnyway, that's a long-winded way of saying that I didn't feel like that puzzle room was fair, which is a big necessity for me with these types of games. Aside from that and the voice line disappearing issue, there was one other big frustration for me. Close to the end of chapter 2 it felt like-how do I put it. Like I'd hit a checkpoint and the game assumed that because I'd hit that checkpoint that I'd acquired all the information before it when I actually hadn't. Characters started to talk about topics that I hadn't ever discussed with them, and they did it in such a way that it was clear they were revisiting a previous conversation we supposedly had had. I was left scratching my head trying to figure out what I was supposed to know. And to be clear, it wasn't one of those moments where a game intentionally makes things confusing for the sake of the plot or mystery, it didn't feel like that at all. It genuinely felt as if the plot was moving forward assuming that I knew something that I didn't. And not a small detail or anything, but a very big plot point. This happened more than once, so not an isolated event.\n\nI couldn't really continue at that point. Again, I don't think this is a bad game, and it's entirely possible that the dev's will reach out and fix the things I've brought up here. Since I did stop at Chapter 2, it's also possible that the rest of the game is bug free and wonderful, and that by stopping at 6 hours I'm missing a lot. I can't really comment on the plot for similar reasons, just didn't experience enough. I just wanted to share that as of this review, the game doesn't feel like a complete enough one for me to recommend it to anyone or say they should buy it for full price. Hope my experience helps any prospective people out there. Make sure to decide for yourself whether you'll take a chance or not.\n\nEDIT:  It has been brought to my attention that the voices disappearing  might not have been a bug, but merely a result of extremely limited current voiced lines in the game. Whether or not that changes your perspective is up to you. Also, I'm an extremely fast reader so even though it took me 6 hours to get through a large chunk of Chapter 2, it'll likely take most people a few extra hours FYI.","timestamp_created":1602645102,"timestamp_updated":1604511324,"voted_up":false,"votes_up":0,"votes_funny":0,"weighted_vote_score":0,"comment_count":0,"steam_purchase":true,"received_for_free":false,"written_during_early_access":true,"timestamp_dev_responded":1604484400,"developer_response":"Thanks for taking the time to write a review despite your brief experience with the game! Reaching Chapter 2 in 6 hours is quite unexpected. We've tried to address some of your questions in the forums, and we hope you give the rest of Exogenesis a chance and let us know what you think of it. :)"}],"cursor":"AoJw9vqUyvUCdf7fpwI="}