{"success":1,"query_summary":{"num_reviews":1,"review_score":6,"review_score_desc":"Mostly Positive","total_positive":31,"total_negative":8,"total_reviews":39},"reviews":[{"recommendationid":"18775595","author":{"steamid":"76561198203391157","num_games_owned":17,"num_reviews":9,"playtime_forever":1082,"playtime_last_two_weeks":0,"playtime_at_review":1047,"last_played":1491181194},"language":"english","review":"This is a long review for those who want to know all details of the game. Long story short, this is a very nostalgic open world classic where you can basically do whatever you want. You can hunt 8 different areas, all ranging around the world, and HU2010 even adds a few more. You can hunt the Southern Rockies: a hidden gem brimming with versatility, accommodating noob and seasoned hunters alike. The South Central Plains: where hunters wither under the sun every year in pursuit of game ranging from antelope to bison. The Central Rockies: a rugged hunter's paradise blessed with gorgeous vistas and mighty trophy elk. The Southwest: where unforgiving cactus-covered valleys and ponderosa highlands molded America's most elusive big game. The Upper Midwest: a highly sought after hunting ground where world class bucks roam these impenetrable forests and sprawling farmlands. The Pacific Northwest: another beginner hotspot for those seeking some of North America's finest trophy game among luxuriant temperate rainforests. The Northern Rockies: a forlorn, cruel wilderness renowned for its untreaded peaks and untouched animal populations. And finally, Africa: a vast, scorched land with more trophy hunters than animals, all searching for exotic wonders like the portly kudu, cunning lion, and the colossal elephant. \nYou can hunt 16 animals ranging from Wild Turkey to Elephants, all hyper-sensitive to your noises and movements in each unique world. Just remember, while some animals pose no danger and can be hunted safely, others may turn in the blink of an eye and take YOUR life to protect theirs. \nYou are also provided with a wide variety of weapons to choose from to go on your trips. Remember, choose the right caliber that suits you and the animal for ethical hunting, the weapon you use is up to you. The weapons range in various types: including bows, handguns, rifles, and shotguns- all with unique ballistics, calibers, and bullet weight (this game does a surprisingly great job with ballistics).\nThe render distance is incredible. If you stand on a mountain, you can basically see every animal on the map. I've shot animals from 2,000 yards away in this game. To shoot long distances, you need to zero your rifle to the desired distance, which can be practiced at the shooting range. Hunting Unlimited is a paradise for extreme sharpshooters.\nThis game has a lot of content. The game gives you more than enough equipment to hunt each species; decoys, scent sprays, portable blinds and stands, you name it. For deer alone, you get like 5 different types of lures. As mentioned before, there is also a heap of weapons and weapon types, and every map is rather large. This game has infinite replayability. The next game in the series, HU2010, has even more content.\nAnimal AI is very good, they're almost as smart as they are in real life; sometimes even smarter. In most games, animals will pretend to not notice you sprinting 200 yards away, upwind, wearing bright pink clothes. In this game, I've spooked antelope from 400. This makes the game quite challenging, but it feels very rewarding to kill something with a bow.\n\nBut now, we unfortunately have to go with the flaws.\nFirst off, the repetitive, yet annoying walking sound is just terrible, just ignore that. What's worse is the painfully slow walking speed that does not resemble anything close to a human's average walking speed-- a crab could go faster. The horse, a four-legged 8 foot long animal, seems like it actually walks SLOWER than your character. You can only run with it, but that obviously scares away close animals you can't see (as mentioned before, animal AI is superb).\nPhysics are a bit wonky-- unsurprisingly for an old game. With vehicles you can't go too fast or you'll fly all over the place and die. When you take down an animal with your weapon(s), the animal just stops abruptly and falls over on it's side with a basic animation. There really isn't any ragdoll or variation in animations.\nQuite important: there is an error that has persisted for Windows users where customers reported that after a certain amount of hours they were unable to start the game ever again. This happened to me after about 17 hours gameplay, so beware before purchasing on Steam. This is a very old game, so don't expect it to be fixed. However, I have HU2010 which is better than this version, so it's not a problem anymore.\nThe graphics are terrible. Deer Hunt 5 from 2001 had more natural graphics, and that's hard to achieve. The colors are often too vibrant, so it kind of looks like play-doh.\nRemember how I said animal AI is superb? There is one area it's not: lures. Unless you're within 75 yards of an animal, most lures except decoys and bait are basically useless, and by that point you don't really need lures anymore unless you're going for a bow shot. This means to get a bow shot on game like elk that have no decoys, you need to either A). crawl in front of the herd without spooking it, hoping they don't change direction (if walking is so slow, you can imagine how slow crawling is) or B). get lucky and have a herd walk close enough for you to call them in. Option A is extremely painful unless you're a really dedicated hunter who loves the challenge. I once snuck up to a 236 scoring moose (for those who don't know, that's REALLY good) for 1 real life hour before I even came within calling distance of it. Not to mention, it was walking toward me half the time.\n\nBut I don't think that will stop me from recommending this game, this is an awesome game. I recommend it for people like me who just want to have fun, the game is very light-hearted and has tons of playability, but I DON'T recommend it for die-hard hunters looking for an entirely realistic hunting simulator. If you're looking for a hyper-realistic hunting experience, I recommend both theHunter games, or even some older classics like Deer Hunter 5 or Trophy Hunter 2003. If anything, I highly suggest you buy Hunting Unlimited 2010 over this because it's almost the same game with even more content. However, I purchased the game for the heavy nostalgic value it carries, and had tons of fun playing it, even if my fun was short-lived. Despite its flaws, this game is a blast.","timestamp_created":1446236160,"timestamp_updated":1608533792,"voted_up":true,"votes_up":6,"votes_funny":2,"weighted_vote_score":"0.506988584995269775","comment_count":0,"steam_purchase":true,"received_for_free":false,"written_during_early_access":false}],"cursor":"AoJw0LqFwvYCe+LPRw=="}