{"success":1,"query_summary":{"num_reviews":1,"review_score":8,"review_score_desc":"Very Positive","total_positive":5985,"total_negative":755,"total_reviews":6740},"reviews":[{"recommendationid":"84064393","author":{"steamid":"76561198449146345","num_games_owned":45,"num_reviews":1,"playtime_forever":1798,"playtime_last_two_weeks":82,"playtime_at_review":1798,"last_played":1608899135},"language":"english","review":"Serious Sam 2\n\nSerious Sam 2 is a first person shooter developed by Croteam and published by 2K Games in 2005. It is known for being the weirdest game in the franchise due to its vastly different atmosphere and overal tone. \n\nThe original Serious Sam is a retro-like first person shooter that depends on hoards of enemies, big guns and a badass protagonist. Serious Sam 2 takes a drastic change from its original 2 encounters. It sticks to the original gameplay, but mainly changes in the visual and story department. the game is made like a cartoon, and cutscenes are now more comedy orienter rather than story oriented.  The gameplay is the same as the original: strong guns, tons of enemies and open levels. The music and graphics are, honestly, amazing. The music is very well made and has multiple general like tribal beats, techno beats, hard rock music, etc. Damjan Mravunec made a fantastic job with the music and even sound design, as the guns feel strong and satisfying (besides the revolvers and uzis, that have both weak damage and weak sounds). The graphics are also really nice, I personally like it more than the graphics of the last games. Everything is very colourful, vivid and you can easily see where enemies and items are. What changes up the formula is that most weapons can be used in any situation so swapping between them isnt as necesarry. A great example for this is the minigun. It was made stronger and it doesnt eat through your ammo nearly as fast as before. It can be used against bosses, large amount of enemies or even against bigger bad guys. It simply fits any situation. Another change is the grenade. Sam can now collect and use grenades whenever he wants. These are very convenient and useful and i like how well they work in the game, without making the game too easy or unbalanced. The enemies in the game also got changed up, and there are even completely new enemies. The beheaded soldiers (besides the kamikaze) are now orc soldiers and have different attacks. The bio-mechs are now replaced with a T-mech, which is just a rocket shooting T-rex with a cigar in its mouth. The laser bio mechs are now bull sodiers, either tank-like that shoot lasers, or human-like with rocket launchers (like a mini t-mech, but as a bull) and they both speak Croatian, often trying to intimidate you. The game also includes a few vehicles, which have some sort of weapon on them. Besides that, there are also turrets, but those are more uncommon.\n\nThe story of the game is what confused many people and turned them away (which also includes the tone and weird design of the games world). Sam is tasked with finding pieces of a medallion that would help him weaken Mental. Each piece is located on a different world, guarded by a boss. The first world is a tribal themed one, where Sam fights a giant gorilla named Kwongo. The second world is Magnor, which consists of a swamp, a giant tree village and finally a giant themed garden, where you face off against ZumZum, a giant bee. Next is Chi Fang, a china themed world that is ruled by Prince Chan, a big fat cannibal human. Then, we have Kleer Planet. A hell-like world with rocks, lava, and tons of Kleers. There you will fight a skeleton wizard named Kleerofski. Lastly we have Eleniere. It is a fantasy inspired world very similar to Shrek, but it has an Elvis theme. Here u have to save a princess from a dragon named Cecil to convince the King to give you the last medallion piece. But this isnt the end for Sam. He then travels to Kronor, the moon of planet Sirius where he activates a laser and frees some prisoners so they can all enter planet Sirius. After Sam defeates a giant toy robot on Kronor, he enters Sirius, but just before the opening of the shield closes. Once inside, after some exploring, he gets captured and placed in a sadistic game show where he later gets rescued by the resistance members. Sam then travels to Mentals home, defeats his robot building and attempts to kill Mental. His plan fails, because Mental escaped just as Sam arrived. And thats it. The plot acts as if it never existed then, yet opens the possibility for a sequel.\n\nSerious Sam 2 is a big step away from the original Serious Sam games, only linked to them through gameplay and characters. But, even with all these flaws, i believe that the game is still really enjoyable and fun to play. The story and enemies may be wacky, but they are quite interesting in design and offer a wide variety of targets to shoot. The guns are also preety enjoyable to use. Some arent very satisfying, like the revolvers and plasma gun, but the weapons like the double barrel shot gun and minigun are preety fun and devastating. The story is obviously not taking itself seriously, but it is at least some kind of motivation to keep playing. Some cutscenes honestly made me chuckle a bit, like Sam getting stuck in Magnor. The music is also a big highlight, as it offers various generas and are well made. The graphics are the most colourful in the franchise, so its easy to spot enemies and just enjoy in the beauty of the levels. In the end, i recommend playing this game if you are a fan of FPS games and Serious Sam.","timestamp_created":1609848549,"timestamp_updated":1609848549,"voted_up":true,"votes_up":0,"votes_funny":0,"weighted_vote_score":0,"comment_count":0,"steam_purchase":true,"received_for_free":false,"written_during_early_access":false}],"cursor":"AoJ46O2c6fYCeYjXwAI="}