{"success":1,"query_summary":{"num_reviews":1,"review_score":5,"review_score_desc":"Mixed","total_positive":1100,"total_negative":703,"total_reviews":1803},"reviews":[{"recommendationid":"84287694","author":{"steamid":"76561198005406191","num_games_owned":147,"num_reviews":158,"playtime_forever":2117,"playtime_last_two_weeks":2115,"playtime_at_review":2117,"last_played":1610062738},"language":"english","review":"Greetings!  Today we’ll be reviewing “Necromunda: Underhive Wars” a frankly disappointing take on the miniature game.  The game is a tactical squad based game with a heavy amount of verticality.  I’ve always loved this genre and even more so the source material so why am I so disappointed?  Let’s discuss.\n\nGreen Juuve:  The game starts out amazing, the campaign story is exactly what you’d expect from Necromunda and I’m even able to forgive that.  Though I continue to be annoyed at writers being forced to shift their stories to fit the game which makes the stories predictable at best, boring at worst but the game does make it clear the campaign is more of a tutorial than stand alone, so that’s done well…right?  Nope, the tutorials are just little text boxes in the corner that pop up and disappear randomly, in the ‘current year’ this really should be audio, with visuals or at least pop-ups you have to dismiss.  As best I can tell you don’t even have access to an encyclopedia of any kind of tutorials, this would have been at least okay.  \n\nDouble Tap: So beyond the tutorial the campaign is great right?  Well, kind of.  The campaign has you taking control of 3 random gangs throughout the campaign and you never really get to know the gangers abilities and they feel like they are constantly changing (which they are) but most importantly you are left with a feeling of meaningless as there is no management of any kind during the campaign.  You heard me, the biggest side-attraction of any tactical game, managing your gang, is completely absent during the campaign.  I love taking a brand new fighter and turning them into a hive champion but nope, you got to wait for the ‘real game’.  But without that you have little to no attachment and you are left with a disappointing campaign that couldn’t even properly teach the mechanics.\n\nRecycled Air:  So, positives…okay, positives.  The game feels 40k through and through, from the way they talk to the graphics, everything.  It’s amazing, the guns feel right (sans the melta gun) the world looks great everything!  So yes! The bones are amazing, could be great if some of the above (and below) issues were resolved.  The verticality is amazing too, jumping down and climbing up is something only a few games have tried in this genre.  Once you are done with the campaign and start the ‘real’ game of building and leading your gang the game does improve significantly.  Most of this is faithful to the setting and miniature game but that’s the rub though, the moment you start a gang of your own a ray of light comes from the upper spires and you see what the game was meant to be.  It feels like this was created first and the campaigns ‘tutorial’ was created not to compliment it but because one was needed.  The games doesn’t explain so much that becomes easily obvious the moment you start your own gang.\n\nCover your mouth:  I kept hearing how unbelievably awful the AI is on this game, I ignored it thinking ‘sure many games have bad AI and I enjoy them’ but I was not prepared.  The single greatest breaking point of this game is the beyond awful and completely unplayable AI.  Most matches the AI would run around jumping up and down the terrain MAYBE debuffing me or overwatching but most of their turns would hold zero effect.  The AI doesn’t even seem to be able to go after objectives.  I had one mission where one of the AI picked up an objected, so I spent a few turns watching it and it didn’t even try to extract.  The unplayable nature of the AI is what breaks this game, so much of the game's issues can be forgiven once you get into the real game (after the campaign) if only the AI functioned at a modicum of intelligence.  Oh, and a fast forward option would be amazing while the AI acts.\n\nNo Servitors Allowed:  I want to take a moment to say that if you are going to be playing this with other people (or lizard men) then an overwhelming amount of issues I have with this game is null and void as the game at its core is great.  The AI is beyond terrible and I could see a lot of fun starting an operation with your friends, though I would have liked to see a bit more of a ‘campaign mode’ option that is more faithful to the table-top.  The game is in dire need of smoothing out beyond the AI but at least getting them to behave enough to down one of my gangers would be appreciated.\n\nUltimately, I want to love this game, it has everything someone like me could want: heavy management aspects, the tactical gameplay and 40k aesthetic but the game is just drowned in a mediocre front loaded campaign that couldn’t even base itself as a decent tutorial and an incompetent AI that doesn’t even have the decency to attack every once in a while.  This game could have been vastly improved by just one person going through the campaign and smoothing out some of the tutorial non-sense.  Although, I hope for an update to fix this I just don’t see those Spire-Born fixing this anytime soon.  Enjoy!","timestamp_created":1610110610,"timestamp_updated":1610110907,"voted_up":false,"votes_up":0,"votes_funny":0,"weighted_vote_score":"0.477815687656402588","comment_count":0,"steam_purchase":true,"received_for_free":false,"written_during_early_access":false}],"cursor":"AoJ4p9aF8fYCfozEwQI="}