{"success":1,"query_summary":{"num_reviews":1,"review_score":5,"review_score_desc":"Mixed","total_positive":13,"total_negative":8,"total_reviews":21},"reviews":[{"recommendationid":"78167141","author":{"steamid":"76561198808961839","num_games_owned":117,"num_reviews":37,"playtime_forever":647,"playtime_last_two_weeks":0,"playtime_at_review":647,"last_played":1603595036},"language":"english","review":"Hello Steam user who is wondering if this little visual novel is worth their time. I'm going to tell you right now that the answer is a sad no which is actually quite frustrating because I really wanted to like this game. It has everything I like in stories like this. It has mystery and intrigue and romance and supernatural elements to enrich the world and yet how it's executed is like something cobbled together like a blind drunk monkey on a typewriter. Seriously, the mechanics in this game are not great. We're not talking 1931 Scheherazade bad but they are not good and they really bogged down what could've been a great cheesy Halloween visual novel.\n\nPros\n– Art. This is a Winter Wolves game so the one thing that they've managed to be consistent in is in good art direction and for this project they really nailed it with the unique character designs as well is the art style being a little bit more cartoony for that Halloween charm as well as the nice autumn colors. No complaints on this front.\n– The concept. I like the idea of the main character slowly succumbing to a curse isn't original all but that was probably the best thing about this game. The dream sequences in particular were especially great in really adding to the suspense and the slow psychological horror of realizing something is wrong but not being able to do a damn thing about it. If there were more of them in this game then this would not be a negative review.\n– The characters. Despite how frustrated I am with this game I'm only really frustrated because of how I enjoyed the characters. Each one of the love interest had a specific goal in mind other than romance and each felt like an individual instead of just a cookie-cutter generic supernatural love interest to romance.\n– The music. Nails the tone, especially during the dream sequences.\n\nCons\n– the job week mechanics. Honestly this was just a terrible idea. For each one of the love interest you work one day a week at their job idea which I guess would be fine if the game didn't force you to have to work all of those jobs at the same time which means you're working on every romance path until the game forces you to pick one over halfway through which just kills any real inclination to do any replaying since you basically have already seen most of the scenarios except for the last couple. Also the money mechanic and presents was pointless unless you're aiming for a steam achievement. The two different endings for whatever stat you were building up don't have enough variation to bother reading through... If this was implemented differently or if you could just pick one romance interest to be on right off the bat then this wouldn't have been so bad but the fact that you're forced to do all the romance paths until near the end is just ludicrous.\n– Continuity. Yet another problem that's introduced because you're playing every romance path at the same time. The scenes themselves are written pretty damn well most of the time but they often contradict each other because whoever was writing them didn't seem to be realizing that they were to be all played it once so sometimes they reference events that never actually happened or characters you know are suddenly treated as strangers because you're not actively romancing them. As a writer this thoroughly irritates me. This is especially prevalent with the character of Ashley but I feel like that's mostly because she was a later addition but still it's really noticeable and ruins my suspension of disbelief which you never want to when you're doing fiction.\n– The second person narration. Okay this actually doesn't bother me as much as it has other reviewers because I thought the second person really worked during the dream sequences because it added to the suspense and horror but for the regular portions of the game it's just kind of jarring and there is a reason why second person narration is not common and it's mostly because it's just awkward to read. It almost feels surreal in a lot of ways which again why I think it works well for the dream sequences but not so much for the regular portions.\n– The mystery is never solved. I would blank this out as a spoiler but I feel like this is a spoiler people should actually see before they buy. Like it's never really explained why you're cursed, at least on in any of the routes I've done and the more routes you do I feel like the less you learn which is not how it's supposed to go. Honestly it's really feels like the dick who cursed you just did it because they are a priggish dick and that's not really the answer was looking for in a game that was hinting at something more.\n\nNeutral\n– the stepsister romance. Okay this actually doesn't bother me but then again I'm used to anime that has ACTUAL vomit inducing incest so the fact that they're just stepsiblings with no blood shared makes me feel better already. I can see where this would be a major turnoff for other people and kind of wish that they had a friendship option with her instead of full-blown romance.\n\n Honestly this thing feels like a wasted opportunity or missed potential due to bad mechanics and the fact that not only is the story cobbled together poorly but does not actually like answering questions. The fact that he even played it more than once is attributed to my like of the characters who really deserved a better put together game that actually answers the questions it poses as well is capitalizing more on the Halloween spirit which it tries to emulate.\n\nIf you do really want to try out this game I suggest a sale because twenty dollars is definitely too steep for such a frustrating product","timestamp_created":1603685417,"timestamp_updated":1603685784,"voted_up":false,"votes_up":1,"votes_funny":0,"weighted_vote_score":"0.523809552192687988","comment_count":0,"steam_purchase":true,"received_for_free":false,"written_during_early_access":false}],"cursor":"AoJwnOPHsfUCdcaXqgI="}