{"success":1,"query_summary":{"num_reviews":1,"review_score":0,"review_score_desc":"2 user reviews","total_positive":2,"total_negative":0,"total_reviews":2},"reviews":[{"recommendationid":"55104978","author":{"steamid":"76561197998835516","num_games_owned":194,"num_reviews":33,"playtime_forever":1211,"playtime_last_two_weeks":0,"playtime_at_review":1211,"last_played":1568285613},"language":"english","review":"    Fortress of Hell is an RPG Maker game, but one intended for a mature audience. Its heroes are all grown up, frequently vulgar/cynical, and there will be plenty of sarcastic remarks.Also the theme of the games is quite depraved. While I’m not well versed in the state of RPG Maker games in the 2010’s, the combat system in this game seems fairly good, rewarding the use of buffs and debuffs, and requiring some management of TP/MP. You won’t be able to simply spam skills and spells even in normal mode. Thankfully most of the enemies can be dealt with mere weapon attacks, once your party has leveled up a bit. The progression of the heroes contain numerous points, where you have to choose one talent out of 3 or 2. The description of the outcomes are sometimes too vague, so you might end up with an underwhelming upgrade. Not that it matter that much, on normal difficulty the game can be easily completed even with subpar choices.\n\n    The game claims up to 4 playthroughs with different parties, each around 3-4 hours. Maybe without a walkthrough, just departing after freeing your girlfriend it takes that much. However, if you follow their walkthrough to witness everything, and fight all the fights to level up as much as possible, it will take considerably more. The Brutus party took me more than 7 hours, the Laxius party more than 5 hours. My third playtrhough was for the “evil invasion” scenario. You have to investigate the statue with the “Don’t trust Me...” inscription with the Laxius party, then investigate the evil skull in the revealed chamber. After departing the fortress with the Laxius party, the “evil invasion” scenario will be unlocked. It has a nice change in the mechanics, too bad there are a lot less dialog in it, especially in the first half. You will probably want to revisit that revealed chamber as soon as possible with your evil party, as things change after further investigating there … .This playthrough lasted a bit over 3 hours. It is the only one without a walkthrough, and after the Fountain of Veritas I thought I have got stuck. Thankfully I have found that the secret ladder has been activated somehow, so I could finish this scenario too. I skipped the Hamilton party, seems to be the hardest one, and I didn’t want to play through a fourth time.\n\n    The location and the enemies remained the same for all parties that I have played, but the dialogs will be unique each time. Also some bosses will appear more than once for the Brutus party, but will be dealt with right at the first time with the Laxius party, or outright skipped during the evil invasion. To my great surprise I found the banter in the Brutus party more entertaining than in the Laxius party. Especially in the first half of the Laxius playthrough the dialogs felt tepid. The second half gets a bit better, but even then I enjoyed the Brutus dialogs more.\n\n    I have naturally played the game with the help of the DLC playthrough. I have played through Laxius Force I and II without one, then I have bought one for the third installment. After seeing what difference that makes, I wouldn’t consider playing through an Aldorlea game without a walkthrough. While Fortress of Hell is merely a fraction of the content in the Laxius Force games, still you will find keys that open doors in some other part of the game. Without a walktrhough you might wander around aimlessly quite a bit before finding the correct door which should be opened. Also there are optional parts, which you will likely miss without explicit directions. For example to get the treasure with the Laxius force party, the Brutus party has to do some very specific things. Without that your quest for the optional treasure with Laxius party has failed even before the start. Also for the Brutus party the walkthrough will direct you through the available places in an order which won’t lead you to overly difficult fights or in the case of the optional fight with fire elementals it will explicitly tell to leave that for later.\n\n    As an RPG Maker game, it should run stable for you. For various reasons I have played it not on my default Windows 10 computer, but on my weak old computer with a Linux OS (was forced to replace Windows XP because Steam wasn’t supporting it, but didn’t want to burn a Windows 10 license for such an obsolete hardware), where it can be run only through the experimental Steam Play / Proton layer. There it crashed frequently, especially in the Guest Patio for some reasons. I had to save paranoidly frequently because of this. Granted OBS was running in the background, recording the gameplay real time with software encoding on a mere Core 2 Duo E8200. The good news is that the game can be played through even on a Linux system, with some patience.\n\n    I wanted to add the derpy Sarah achievement to my achievement showcase (not because of this game but to show my appreciation to the Laxius Force trilogy), but as of the writing of this it is not possible. Steam seems to treat this game as “untrusted”, and prevents the displaying of its achievements on the showcase. Guess I should be content that it allows for me to unlock the achievements at all.","timestamp_created":1568459663,"timestamp_updated":1568459663,"voted_up":true,"votes_up":7,"votes_funny":0,"weighted_vote_score":"0.60081404447555542","comment_count":0,"steam_purchase":true,"received_for_free":false,"written_during_early_access":false}],"cursor":"AoJ46eTel+0Cct2a0gE="}