{"success":1,"query_summary":{"num_reviews":1,"review_score":0,"review_score_desc":"3 user reviews","total_positive":2,"total_negative":1,"total_reviews":3},"reviews":[{"recommendationid":"83438973","author":{"steamid":"76561198192399786","num_games_owned":2446,"num_reviews":4,"playtime_forever":16988,"playtime_last_two_weeks":16827,"playtime_at_review":6299,"last_played":1610035709},"language":"english","review":"One of the first things that hit me when I started playing Puzzle Of Santa Girl VR (or PSGVR, which is what I will be calling it for the sake of ease) was the immense amount of detail that you can grasp whilst playing this marvellous game. Now let me blow you away, all this time you have been thinking that this is was merely filmed on a 360 camera and placed in the unity engine, but if you are thinking this, you have got it all wrong. This game was actually a pretty secretive test of a technology that has been around ever since the making of The Polar Express (2004), it may have been a very strange looking film, but it had some pretty interesting underlying components. Instead of just filming some reference shots of people walking and doing basic movements, then taking that to a large warehouse filled with animators, they instead did something a little different. \n\nMotion Capture, The Polar Express was directed and filmed on a set, with real actors in Motion capture suits (or ‘Mo Cap’ for short) then of course they would have had a small group of animators to adjust what had been captured into something that could be applied to 3D models, but it would still be considerably less. This movie, was the one of the first, if not the first of its kind, but of course this wasn’t the best example of this fascinating new technology, some people have even gone so far as to call it ‘Uncanny Valley the Movie’, which is fair enough. This film was a great idea, it just could have been executed better, for example, Tom Hanks played, as in he acted and his motion was captured for 6 different characters, including the hero child, if you didn’t know this, hero child, is well, a child and Tom hanks is very much an adult, so there was only so much the said fixer animators could do. The main differences between PSGVR and The polar express were that PSGVR is not working with a $165 million budget, but I think they did it better, the motion of this character is none like any other I have ever seen, especially from a smaller developer. \n\nDetails. This game is filled with them, the animators have made the world look and feel massive and of course you can explore this world to your hearts content. I would love to talk about the menus, I never really talk about these things, mainly because they are just the old, uncomfortable bus that takes you to the main game, not this game, I think this is the best menu I have ever seen in a game and I have seen some pretty baller menus in my time, but this one mainly comes out on top because of how realistic it is, have you ever seen those cave paintings? What do I mean by that, you are probably asking, well, like the character modelling, this menu is another feat of engineering and animation, is seriously realistic, its as if one of the Studio Swag team actually took the time to carve the menu into a mixture of wood and rock and because this is a VR game, I can physically stand closer to it and admire the amazing textures, that only look like a blur from further away and this is not a flaw in the game.\n\nUsually in VR games your virtual hands are either almost ghost-like hands or just a low poly copy of the controllers you are actually using outside the game. Your virtual appendages in this game are super well modelled realistic hands. You know the game is detailed when you spend time just staring at your hands, looking over every wrinkle, every vein, every bone. You can see your muscles moving your bones underneath your skin, its almost unreal, to the point that I could be standing in the middle of my office without the headset on just looking down at my real hands.\n\nLike Studio Thug Life’s last game, this game is set in Korea, but its Christmas, so it almost puts more pressure on you to do the right thing and find the person that this entire game is based on, the person that we know is called Santa Girl. Here is some backstory if you are not up to date on the lore, Santa Girl is a character in the Korean Christmas movie “최고의 사랑”I am not expecting you to speak Korean so this basically translates to “The Greatest Love”, which was first played in 2011 and instantly hit. The general gist of this is that this Girl was the daughter of Santa Clause who grew up in the north pole surrounded by elves and toy factories, but eventually everyone grows up and leaves home, so she has to travel to the real world and get a real job. But of course she finds this hard, luckily she meets a young explorer whilst navigating out of the north pole and they slowly get to know each-other, of course as the watcher of this film, you know they will eventually get together, as they work really well together and just get on well. We eventually find out that this young explorer lives in Seoul (the capital city of Korea), finally what we were waiting for, the young man asks for Santa Girl’s hand in marriage after their long trek back together. But before they even get close to Korea the Santa Girl goes missing without a trace, except for the faint signs of struggle in the snow around their tent. \n\nYour job is to track her down, with the help of this young explorer named Dokko Jin. Throughout this game you have to solve puzzles whilst learning more and more about this girl, you have to solve the crimes, to eventually trace their hideout and save the Santa Girl. This sounds like it would be super simple, but this game is not your average VR game that is  just a glorified tech demo, no this game is a fully fledged VR title, the puzzles are plenty, challenging, but not to repetitive or boring. Imagine the murder mystery of La Noire, the VR immersive world of Half Life Alyx and the puzzles from The Witness, this is what PSGVR is.  \n\nAfter your first crime scene you can tell that the kidnapper is even more of a psychopath than you thought, he wants this to be a game, he leaves you puzzles, riddles and notes to where you will find the next crime scene, but you know he’s only human, he will make a mistake at some point, so you follow his game as you know its the only way you will be able to get that girl back. Some of the puzzles you could encounter include; There is a photo of the crime scene before any crime happened and you have to work out what is missing from the room and what was used as the murder weapon. Another puzzle, the kidnapper leaves you a room filled with birds and you have to catch the bird with the letter wrapped around its leg, each puzzle you solve you get one step closer to finding the Santa Girl. I don’t want to give to much about the story away, but you can tell already that you will eventually get the Santa Girl back for young Dokko Jin. \n\nIf this doesn’t sound good to you already then you probably asking questions, a question I can hear people asking is “Is it re-playable?” Yes, 100% yes, each level is randomised, so you can replay this game many time, as I have and get a different experience each time, the actual game is probably around 25-30 hours if you take your time, but on a second play-through you can care less about story and start taking the environment and look for some of the smaller details. \n\nShould you buy this game? Well do you want hours of immersive puzzle gameplay, do you want to game where you could spend hours staring at the menus and your in game hands. Then this game is perfect for you, But what about PC specs? Well I am a good game reviewer, I have access to a fairly underpowered gaming laptop and a full on gaming PC, this game works very well on both, even without the changing of settings for the low powered machine. Basically my main answer to this question is do you have £11.39. Yes. Well what are you waiting for, pick this game up, Half Life Alyx is £46 and is half the game that PSGVR is. Next time you think about going to five guys, forget about the bacon cheeseburger, large fries and milkshake, no human being needs that much food, just get a regular fries and pick up this game with the money you would have spent.","timestamp_created":1609205388,"timestamp_updated":1609205388,"voted_up":true,"votes_up":1,"votes_funny":1,"weighted_vote_score":"0.523809552192687988","comment_count":1,"steam_purchase":true,"received_for_free":false,"written_during_early_access":false}],"cursor":"AoJwrrKH1vYCfdelvgI="}