{"success":1,"query_summary":{"num_reviews":1,"review_score":0,"review_score_desc":"9 user reviews","total_positive":2,"total_negative":7,"total_reviews":9},"reviews":[{"recommendationid":"72457079","author":{"steamid":"76561198057622074","num_games_owned":1988,"num_reviews":55,"playtime_forever":413,"playtime_last_two_weeks":0,"playtime_at_review":407,"last_played":1594562602},"language":"english","review":"I really didnt want to write a bad review, but I have to put the facts out there so less people do the same mistake and waste their money on this product. For starters let me tell you - this game is  one big mess, feels unfinished, has barely working features which I will gladly describe beacuse they have been source of many frustrations, where I kept playing because it became a challenge to keep going, not for its difficulty, but for its incompetence unfortunately.\n\n1. Game is littered with bugs: You wanna inifinitely fall thru the floor on random places - check (where surfaces should be playable but they are nor rendered as they should) where only way to end that torture is quiting the game where we come to next problem.\n\n2. Random Checkpoints - now this is super weird. Normally games load your last checkpoint as you fail, die...whatever. But here, it kinda random, here if you die you might be teleported to a mile away from place that suppose to be last checkpoint (and you can see saving in progress), seems game doesnt load your last checkpoint but the one that is closest to that place by some imaginary air line distance. So if map is U shaped and you die near the end you will be reloaded at the beggining of the level. With worse jimping mechanics known to man this is another issue, you will start pulling your hair out - doing same thing over and over again, and to top that up with timing sections - be prepared to get some gray hair as you play this.\n\n3. Random deaths with almost full health: You have 5 increments of health bar, game over as you lose all 5 of them. BUt still I cant even count how many times I got game over with 3/5 health for instance...you never know when your game will end cause well game can decide to off you eventough you are healthy AI individual :P.\n\n4. THE WORST JUMPING MECHANICS - this takes the cake. And I'm not exagerating, this game has the very worst jumping mechanics and jumping detection known to a man, in any game in any universe. Its incredible, I just cant believe this is put on sale, itc completely broken, as everything in this game is random, you never get the feeling when to jump, it has some lag to boot making it painful experience. Platforms that change their height as you jump on them are the worst, they just didnt programed it right, left to small time buffer...and successfully clearing them as obstacles for any progress becomes game of big numbers, you will die and die and die until game decides ok we had enough now randomly you will be able to clear them, its crazy. With high density of invisible walls in this game - you might get PTSD for real.\n\n5. Terrible landing detection - as with jumping per se, landing is also an issue, if you drop from height more that 1.5 m you will lose health, it might sound like - sweet they made this game realistic. No they did not, this is not a feature, this is badly programed game. Its again - random, so you will just sigh as it happens, and will happen in most unexpected places and you will wonder - WHY did I lose health again for no apparent reason.\n\n6. ISSUES with levels programing: On second to last level things get crazy. Whoever made this game had it in his head what you should do to progress. You are progressing thru the level and you see - things are getting weird. PArt of levels you finished get reseted. You are thinking to yourself, it must be that random loading issues. But nooooo, you see you can finish a level in only one way, by steps followed to a tee. Otherwise level will go in broken game state. And the worst thing is you cant see it happening, leading to frustration. Not to spoil anything, lets just say again - you will go crazy most likely as I did and lose few hours just to obseve what kind of foolishnes is going on. It just goes to show this game is one hell of a ride. And not for the right reasons.\n\n7. Absolutely atrocious LAG between your input and action on screen, where I was wondering is my gamepad broken or what, tried 2 of them, its the same. Lag is 1+ seconds long, and it totally ruins your rythm where it is needed. Feels like you are giving commands to some future action, forget about immediate response. Your thumb will get sore, cause its only natural to try and provoke something on screen, and you are trying pressing harder by logic where action will be completed on time. I have never seen anything like it.\n\n8. Broken achievement/s? Glitch prone collectible: For all the achievement hunters out there, one achievement is broken for sure. Tested it to no end, and it just doesnt trigger. Other issue related to them, or if you want to collect Totems - other than acievement you gain nothing, is their tendency to bug out. On Swamp level, IF you die only once that totem will for no apparent reason disappear - making you not be able to collect them all and for another chance at it, you will have to replay THE WHOLE GAME. Die again on second try - replay the game again, and so on. With worse gameplay mechanics on the market you can only imagine how tedious it becomes. If you want to avoid replaying this \"masterpiece\" be prepared to backtrack after 2 hits, fails (dropping in watter, falling from 1,5 meter or above, getting hit by obstacles with atrocious hit detection et cetera) to beggining of the level - to collect respawning health item there, and that is many feets away...plus games \"feature\" to kill you off with 3 health increments - just reminding myself now...I get terrible flashbacks XD.\n\nI wount even go into lack of voices in game, meaningless interactions with AI, no connection with game world (you never know what is going on, why am I doing all this things, for whom the bells tolls..., music that cuts itself on randokm places like a broken radio, no environment sounds. Enemies itself, with one exemption are total lackeys...you dont even have to fight them most of the times, and when you do, its mash mash buttons and after 3 hits they are dead - it feels they are just waiting there to get offed not even trying to attack you on later levels (like fish enemies). \n\nI just cannot recommend this game. If jumping, landing mechanic was competent and they fixed input lag then maybe this game would have some kind of value. But all things considered it just doesnt. Forget about fun here, this is more or less a pain simulator, and Im 100 % sure there are more fun ways to hurt yourself if that is your kind of thing. Dont be fooled by screenshots, I wouldnt call them a ruse to gain some money, I still dont want to believe someone made this on purpuse THIS BADLY...Just avoid it if you expect some nice Zelda clone, this is not it, this is a torture device for all of your senses.\n\nPS. I tried giving this game a chance few more times, and came to conlusion this game is ABOMINATION of SUPREME ORDER. Come to think of it, it would be better that I gave those 2,5 E to someone who actually needed it, not to this people that made this manure. Hope you are having fun with that 1 E you maybe got from Valve at the end. Now I have to go delete this product from my list and put it on Hidden - fur immer, so I can forget about this mistake and 6 hours of terrible experience which I hope will soon forget, playing something that is actually good and fun.","timestamp_created":1594411904,"timestamp_updated":1594583835,"voted_up":false,"votes_up":29,"votes_funny":1,"weighted_vote_score":"0.743168950080871582","comment_count":0,"steam_purchase":true,"received_for_free":false,"written_during_early_access":false}],"cursor":"AoJ4l8ymovMCd7ezlAI="}