{"success":1,"query_summary":{"num_reviews":1,"review_score":5,"review_score_desc":"Mixed","total_positive":10,"total_negative":11,"total_reviews":21},"reviews":[{"recommendationid":"83628884","author":{"steamid":"76561198032090079","num_games_owned":24,"num_reviews":4,"playtime_forever":919,"playtime_last_two_weeks":148,"playtime_at_review":919,"last_played":1609314192},"language":"english","review":"Some series don't  get the credit they deserve, and for a long time Yoshihisa Kishimoto's Kunio Kun franchise was one of them.  Despite inventing the multi-directional street beat-em-up, the series has stayed relatively unknown, up until 2019, when Wayforward's River City Girls became a hit and got far more people's attention.  The time was ripe to make more Kunio games, and better yet, ARC managed to re-enlist the aid of series creator Yoshihisa Kishimoto.  This game could and should have been great, but for every good decision they made with it, there's several more that had me wondering, why?!\n\nFor example, it starts with the strangest character creation feature I've ever seen.  Pick your character's name, whether male or female, whether romantically linked to Kobayashi or just a friend, and three items the character finds significant--then wait, as the character is just someone captured that Kobayashi needs to rescue, and won't show up again until the end of the game.\n\nThat's a good segue to this game's doozy of a plot.  A gang from the future has invaded River City, they've brought killer robots, someone else from the future called Mizoguchi follows them back in order to assist you, also some ghosts that Mizoguchi can vaporize with his laser beam, a robot cat shows up to help save your game, sometimes flying saucers attack, and sometimes you all hop into other flying saucers and you dogfight with your enemies.  At worst, a plot like that should be hilariously stupid, but this game takes it dead-seriously.  Of course, a good story is not what most people play beat-em-ups for, but the real problem here is the amount of dialogue.  Constantly, you'll encounter characters who freeze the action while they talk...a lot.  It's not funny, it's not interesting, it's rarely ever useful to playing the game, it occasionally gets pretentiously philosophical about the utility of emotions, and it has no fast-skip option.  For once in beat-em-up history, I was mashing the attack button for something other than attacking.\n\nBetween those annoying conversations, you do actually get to play a beat-em-up, but it's simultaneously the most defiantly literal interpretation of the term and really different from what you expect.  Beating people (and robots, and flying saucers) up is almost ALL you do in this game.  There are a number of regions to wander around and advancing to a new one can trigger character encounters, but there's no specific place you're supposed to reach in this game; your objective is to defeat all of four gangs of enemies of a specific color, after which a corresponding boss appears, and after you defeat all of the bosses you fight the final boss.  \n\nWith fighting being the only real objective here, it really better be good.  While its a mixed bag, it's indeed the highlight of the game--but you wouldn't know it at first.  That's because each character's individual moveset is pretty simple compared to most games in this series.  You have only one normal attack button, what attacks you do will be determined by context and certain directional inputs, and there's no blocking or weapons.  Seems a downgrade from literally every other Kunio game available here on Steam, but this game also brings in a nifty team system leagues ahead of its predecessors.  Kobayashi has two steady allies, the series' core protagonist, Kunio, and this game's new hero, Mizoguchi.  Only one can be out and assisting Kobayashi at any given time, but you can swap between them at any time you like.  Better yet, you can choose whom you're controlling at the push of a button; the other characters becoming controlled by AI.  \n\nIn retrospect, it's odd that River City Girls didn't have something like this, considering that both characters were clearly supposed to be out at the same time due to their constantly talking to each other.  In fact, this game's team system is the real meat of its combat and learning to use it well is key to winning.  Kobayashi, Kunio and Mizoguchi all have their own movesets, with Kunio being the stronger ally but Mizoguchi having a projectile weapon and able to dispense power-ups to the team once a meter is charged, so despite the individual characters' relative lack of depth, cycling through them to utilize their unique abilities keeps things from getting mindless.  To go a bit further, one of Mizoguchi's power-ups will summon the Dragon Twins (the second-to-last bosses of River City Ransom) to come join in your rampage, so you can actually have a total of four (out of five) teammates in battle at once.  \n\nSo though this fighting system isn't likely what you wanted from the Kunio brand, overall it's not bad at all.  There's just one part of the combat that is as bizarre as choices this game makes elsewhere, and that's the special attacks.  Each character has their own; some up to three, and given that normal attacks vary based on what direction one is pushing along with the normal attack button, it would be easy to assume the same was true with special attacks.  It's not.  For whatever reason, to get different special attacks you hold the special attack button, causing an aura to encircle your character; this aura changes color at various times, different colors mean different special attacks, so you release the button when it's on the color you want.  Hope you can memorize which are which.  This doesn't wreck the combat, and to be fair, some of the special attacks themselves are neat, but it's still a very strange choice I'd prefer not to repeat.  \n\nTo help you through the solid-but-one-note gameplay, the game does live up to the Kunio pedigree in one regard: It has some fantastic music.  Not all of the tracks are memorable, but the one you'll be hearing throughout most of the game is an awesome upbeat bit of blues rock, much in the vein of the original River City Ransom.  As solid as Meghan McDuffie's score for River City Girls was, most tracks only ran on a very short time before looping, not composed to be much longer since more individual areas had their own music.  This song, like the original RCR theme, wails on long and varied, as different instruments come in and take solos, and its tragic that it won't likely be remembered as one of the top musical themes in the series.\n\nBecause unfortunately, while it's original team system keeps this game interesting for a while, the lack of variety or interesting worldbuilding dooms further replay value--that, and the negative difficulty curve.  In series tradition, this game does have some sort of RPG mechanics, initially tucked so far away that one may not even realize.  After beating the game, points are earned which can be used to improve characters.  However, though they get stronger, there isn't much customization, and instead of having some extra content to test these improved characters against, they invite you to play through the same quest again, maybe with different character creation choices, and these, combined with how quickly you beat the game, will affect what events occur and what ending you get.  However, none of that really amounts to anything but different conversations, and with this game's dialogue and story as dull as they are, not worth it. Plus, do you really want to keep beating enemies who aren't a match for you anymore just to see how fast you can do it?  The moment this game's deeper mechanics are no longer needed to win, it becomes much more like the worst beat-em-ups.\n\nAll things considered, this is little but some good music and mechanics buried in a game that otherwise, is mediocre at best.  It's definitely not worth its original asking price, cheap as that was, and don't bother getting all possible endings.  If marked down, it might be worth a look--and listen--but don't expect Kobayashi-San to stay cool for very long.","timestamp_created":1609395578,"timestamp_updated":1609396011,"voted_up":false,"votes_up":0,"votes_funny":0,"weighted_vote_score":0,"comment_count":0,"steam_purchase":true,"received_for_free":false,"written_during_early_access":false}],"cursor":"AoJ4/8fe2/YCdLWCvwI="}