{"success":1,"query_summary":{"num_reviews":1,"review_score":8,"review_score_desc":"Very Positive","total_positive":86,"total_negative":3,"total_reviews":89},"reviews":[{"recommendationid":"83954358","author":{"steamid":"76561198032090079","num_games_owned":24,"num_reviews":4,"playtime_forever":384,"playtime_last_two_weeks":384,"playtime_at_review":384,"last_played":1609665430},"language":"english","review":"It has been said that first impressions are very important.  I bought Super Crush KO because it made a great one, and in fact, it does so (almost) all across the board.  Before even playing the game, promotional materials demonstrate a cute heroine, an endearing plot about rescuing her cat, and a surreal, saccharine, Lisa Frank-lite visual style that's so unusual for action games that it alone might make the game stand out from the crowd.  Much of that initial impression continued as I began to play, as the game's base mechanics are rock-solid.  As it went on, however, Super Crush KO also demonstrated that first impressions aren't everything.  So while I'm giving this game a thumb up, that's only because this quick binary rating is required in reviews; read on to determine whether Super Crush KO is for you.\n\nAfter an introductory cutscene revealing about as little plot as you'd expect of a sidescroller about rescuing someone, the game eases you into Karen's many moves; some of which you won't have immediately, but you still get them all pretty early on.  She can punch enemies, for a combo of up to four hits, which is simple but pretty effective since it's not limited by a meter, she can shoot enemies with an assault rifle, which has limitless ammo but also a cooldown period after shooting for a while, she has several more powerful melee attacks that also thrust her in directions (one of which is essentially a Smash Bros recovery move), which share an energy meter that gradually recharges, and finally, by collecting gems she can charge up another meter that, when full, lets her do a super beam attack.  Outside of offense, she can also double-jump and do a dash that also negates damage for its duration. Getting familiar with Karen's abilities, stringing them together and quickly deciding which to use when and where, all make for a game that is constantly involving, intense, and to many gamers, likely fun. Don't let it's cutesy, stereotypical effeminate veneer fool you; this game is really tough. But Karen is really tough, too, so it never really feels unfair.  She has what it takes; it's just left up to players to master it, and once they do, they'll likely get an exciting feeling that they actually ARE Karen, smashing up robots in style.\n\nThe one immediately unsatisfying part of the game is the soundtrack. This is the latest game in a trend I despise, begun by Super Mario World three decades ago and repeated by too many Mario games since; reusing the same motif for every or almost every song in the game, but worse, that motif is just too depressing, slow, and understated here. It's not ugly music, nor even inappropriate for the theme, but I still expected to be listening to more cheerful, energizing music based on the graphics.\n\nStill, that's a pretty minor (in this case literally) part of the game, so why all the reservations about it? Because although it charmed at the outset, it clearly dawned that there wasn't much more to it than what I saw then, and being so one-note made even the things I loved at first seem like a burden. Those sugary visuals that initially impress with their uniqueness soon lose that luster given that none of the levels deviate a lot in design; you'll always be looking at some variation of the oddly-colored city, and the colors don't change much. The plot, cute at first, starts to show its stupidity more each time new dialogue is devoted to telling its thin tale of cat rescue--and there isn't a lot of dialogue, but almost none of what's here is particularly good. I maybe laughed once. The game doesn't give you any insight into who Karen is beyond someone going off to rescue her cat, nor who Ann is besides the alien who kidnapped said cat. \n\nThat might not have mattered if gameplay made up for it, but even it can wear a bit thin. It never feels mindless since the game is always changing up the terrain layout, placement and combination of enemies, etc, but the entire experience is still just invisible walls trapping you with enemies, letting you move forward slightly when you clear them, and then repeating that process until the level ends rather arbitrarily, since every following level, save for bosses, is the same thing.  There are no \"breathers\". I don't mind that the game is challenging, but it only ever really has one type of challenge, and more could have fit in without feeling forced. For example, Karen can double-jump, as well as using one of her special attacks as a third jump, and her dash temporarily halts vertical movement, but there's almost no platforming here.  Why not? Why not give at least a few segments when the level isn't locked down, so it would be possible to explore and take in the sights? Granted; that would require them to add some sights, but still, it would improve the game.\n\nSuper Crush KO only has four sets of levels, but even with that short length, I'd grown weary of it. The main reason I'm giving it a positive review is that this game feels like the foundation of something great. I wouldn't mind seeing more of Karen, her cat, and their weird pastel world, and trying out her moves against more than just the same few models of robots would be worth a return. Despite only a few things being in this game, it deserves a good review simply because most of those few things are positive. \n\nBut that doesn't mean it deserves an unqualified recommendation. If you're the sort who enjoys exciting fights, rest assured this game will deliver many. But if you're the sort who gets bored of anything when it repeats too much, beware that this game also does that.\n\nOh, and frankly, I've seen cuter cats.","timestamp_created":1609725046,"timestamp_updated":1609725046,"voted_up":true,"votes_up":0,"votes_funny":0,"weighted_vote_score":0,"comment_count":0,"steam_purchase":true,"received_for_free":false,"written_during_early_access":false}],"cursor":"AoJwz93F5fYCdquhwAI="}