{"success":1,"query_summary":{"num_reviews":1,"review_score":8,"review_score_desc":"Very Positive","total_positive":83,"total_negative":18,"total_reviews":101},"reviews":[{"recommendationid":"84221878","author":{"steamid":"76561199063428093","num_games_owned":15,"num_reviews":3,"playtime_forever":231,"playtime_last_two_weeks":231,"playtime_at_review":231,"last_played":1609908634},"language":"english","review":"One of my favorite parts of this game is its sheer unpredictability. One of the best examples of this is the pacing. The first hour of the game is literally just walking down a road, and the next hour has minimal gameplay but multiple cutscenes one after another. Of course this would theoretically be considered \"bad\" pacing, but it mostly gives the game an extra sense of randomness and personality. It makes you want to go through the rather boring segments just to see what curveball the game is going to throw at you next. And it isn't just the pacing, but also the story, gameplay, and sometimes even sound design can barely ever be easily predicted. \n\nAnother one of my favorites parts of the game is the contrast in the comedy and horror elements of the game. The game has a constant unsettling vibe that keeps you on edge, but is also filled to the brim with witty humor that makes the characters feel relatable. Something about the main character seeing the final boss and instead of giving a 5 minute long heroic speech but instead basically saying \"were fucked\" gives the game a sense of charm that a lot of other games lack while also not losing much of the fear factor that the horror presents. In other words, the mix of horror and comedy creates a compelling story with lovable characters while also containing a creepy unsettling atmosphere. \n\nSpeaking of the story, its amazing. At the start, the MC has a fairly normal objective, but throughout his adventure, multiple extra areas and events hint at a much darker secret to the world around the MC. As you gather more info, you are able to slowly piece whats going on while the MC continues oh his adventure. Close to the end there is basically a large wall of text that fills the player in on some of the extra information the game hasn't confirmed and fills the player in on parts of the story they might have missed. This structure allows the player to figure out the secrets of the story on there own while also making sure they don't miss anything by the end of the game. This lore based story not only adds to the creepy atmosphere, but also keeps you engaged as you want to figure out what all these weird events mean. While this is happening, you are also meeting a few unique but lovable characters that make you wonder where they fit in the bigger picture. These characters also help the giraffe gain actual character development and keeps the cutscenes from ever feeling boring. All this makes the last stretch of the game extremely satisfying because of all the build up. This build up can be found in other parts of the game too, especially the gameplay. \n\nTo elaborate on that, the gameplay in this game is also very unique. To be honest, I consider the gameplay to be the weakest part of the game, but I still don't consider it to be not fun. This is mainly because the gameplay is in some parts intentionally bad in order to further the build up or even make the game seem worse than it actually is. The whole first walking segment of the game is extremely tedious, kinda boring, and extra lengthy, but in the room at the start of it you can access some of the endgame, and gain a bit of the lore. This is here to simultaneously filter out the people who don't have the will power or commitment to continue based off the small taste of the story given while also creating an enormous amount of buildup and satisfaction in the first cutscene after the road. The game even has way worse controls during the road. The endgame is similar in that the final boss is one of the hardest bosses I have fought in gaming, which makes the already beautiful ending which wraps up the story, the giraffes character arc, and the other characters lore all at once, somehow even more satisfying. Still, even with the intentionally tedious design, I think there is a lot of fun to be had with the gameplay. The fear and rush you get when your confronted with a tough challenge while also knowing how dangerous is to lose health or a life is exhilarating. So what I am trying to say is the game sacrifices a lot of convenience and fun in order to make overcoming the challenges extra satisfying.\n\nThe element of surprise that's spread throughout the game, strange but oddly fun gameplay, enjoyable story with actual development in the main character, and mix of comedy and horror elements filled throughout the game makes this game truly an experience. This game is the shortest game that has made me feel emotionally attached to characters. Samer Khatib is a genius of a game developer. I would recommend this game to anyone who want to have a fully unique gaming experience. This game has become one of my top favorite games of all time. This game truly deserves to be called art.","timestamp_created":1610028618,"timestamp_updated":1610028618,"voted_up":true,"votes_up":0,"votes_funny":0,"weighted_vote_score":0,"comment_count":0,"steam_purchase":true,"received_for_free":false,"written_during_early_access":false}],"cursor":"AoJwkeLL7vYCdvujwQI="}